# app-dev.
My first repository

# Heneral Luna
## Set during the Philippine-American war, Heneral Luna, a short-tempered Filipino general faces an enemy more formidable than the American army: his own treacherous countrymen. He follows the life of one of Philippine History's most brilliant soldier, General Antonio Luna, as he tries to lead his countrymen against colonial masters new and old, and to rise above their own raging disputes to fulfill the promise of the Philippine Revolution.

  Goyo: Ang Batang Heneral
: Goyo: Ang Batang Heneral (English: Goyo: The Boy General), also known simply as Goyo, is a 2018 Philippine historical epic film starring Paulo Avelino as the titular Gregorio "Goyo" del Pilar, one of the youngest Generals during the Philippine-American War who've died at the historic Battle of Tirad Pass. It is written, directed, edited, and scored by Jerrold Tarog, and is a sequel to the critically and commercially successful 2015 film Heneral Luna, which chronicled Antonio Luna's life. Additional members of the ensemble cast include Carlo Aquino, Mon Confiado, Epy Quizon, Gwen Zamora, Empress Schuck, Alvin Anson, and Rafa Siguion-Reyna. It was released on September 5, 2018.

  The Dictator [^]

  [^]: General Aladeen is the lead character in this outrageous political comedy, a vicious militant dictator in the North African nation of Wadiya. He is a wacky over-the-top figure, politically incorrect in every way, and he is a big fan of casual torture and murder of his opponents. He proudly is attempting to build nuclear weapons to take out Israel, but when the United Nations threatens to intervene, Aladeen decides to go to New York to explain himself. However, when he arrives in New York, his uncle has him kidnapped, shaved, and replaced by a lookalike... but when the kidnapper sets himself on fire, Aladeen is let loose in New York, but without his trademark big bushy beard, so no one recognizes him in the entire city. He finds Nadal, a former worker for him, and recruits him to help him try to fit into the big city more easily. He starts working at a natural health shop run by hippies, led by a hardcore feminist activist named Zoey, whose belief are ironically the exact opposite of Aladeen's. He begins learning that women are not just objects at his disposal and starts to fall in love with Zoey. Unfortunately, Zoey finds out who he really is, which puts a strain on their blossoming love, especially when Aladeen reveals he wants to stop his wicked uncle and re-claim his country. He must find a way to get to the United Nations, convince the world that he is the real dictator, avoid his uncle, and get Zoey to fall in love with him once again.
